[Poppy]
It's the journal I sent you.
and it's completely blank.
You know what they say.
Write what you know.
♪ Dramatic music ♪
[Martian] Poppy.
my wonderful daughter.
I'm so sorry.
I hate to vanish. again.
[Dozer] Target not here.
-Find him.
-[Naomi] I know where he'll go.
[Martian] Lying kept me alive.
but it became a part of me.
You're hunting a predator. Miss
the kill shot. it comes for you.
[U.S. Marine] Mr. Ogletree.
we're detaining you for
conspiring to gather and deliver
national defense information.
-[screams. grunts]
-[Martian] I'm not running
from the truth now.
Shut the fuck up!
[screams]
[Martian] We find a weak link
who puts us next to Viking.
You want me to mule a
fucking bomb to a mass murderer?
I'm going to Antwerp.
put him straight.
The Agency is cleaning house.
We keep all
operational details tight.
You let Martian vanish with
a black passport
and a kilo of explosives?
[Martian]
I have one shot to prove myself.
This is how I clean it up.
This is how
I get back to the truth.
♪ "Love is Blindness"
by Jack White playing ♪
♪ Love is blindness ♪
♪ I don't want to see ♪
♪ Won't you wrap the night ♪
♪ Around me ♪
♪ Oh. my heart ♪
♪ Love is blindness ♪
♪ Blindness ♪
♪ I don't want to see ♪
♪ Won't you wrap the night ♪
♪ Around me. yeah ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ My love ♪
♪ Love is blindness ♪
♪ Oh. love is blindness ♪
♪ Oh. blow out the candle ♪
♪ Blindness ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
♪ low. tense music ♪
-[keypad beeps]
-[door opens]
About fucking time.
[applause]
-[keypad beeps]
-[door opens]
Would sorry help?
[scoffs] What are you doing?
I wanted you to see this.
They took them away
as a precaution
against my suicide.
Mm.
For that same reason.
I was allowed only two pieces
of toilet paper
with which to wipe my ass.
Yeah. I heard three pieces
is lethal.
[scoffs] Come on. Henry.
This is not the first night
you've spent
in the Graybar Hotel.
It is for treason.
[sighs]
I had to make a call.
I was in a difficult position.
Oh. you were in
a difficult position?
Were you entrusted
with shoelaces?
It remains for me to say.
fuck you. I quit.
-Fuck off.
-Yeah. fucking watch me.
Henry. Okay. you want me to
say it? I'll say it. I need you.
Uh... [sighs]
Langley is in London.
I got this-this bunch of shit
in Martian's confession.
I don't even
fucking understand it.
-Confession?
-Yes. Right here. [sighs]
All 60 pages of it.
No. No. no. no.
Not if you've quit.
Most of this is to his daughter.
but you feature.
He actually
does apologize to you.
What. "Sorry for installing
a Chinese asset
at the top
of British intelligence?"
No.
[sighs]
This is his apology for that.
♪ Tense. dramatic music ♪
-[Henry] Holy shit.
-[Bosko] Guess what?
We don't think it was suicide.
What do we tell the Brits?
Same as usual. Nothing.
I accept your un-resignation.
[beeps]
[door closes]
[Sami] I don't know where he is.
I don't even know who he is.
[Blake]
Surely he said something to you.
You were the last person he saw
before he flew the coop.
Even if I knew everything
you wanted to know.
I still wouldn't tell you.
Well...
Then tell me how it felt.
How it felt?
How what felt?
How...
it felt.
You must be very strong
to have survived that.
You are not the good guys.
even if you think you are.
You don't rescue people
in trouble.
You use people in trouble.
people who can help you.
Which means that
someone somewhere
in this hall of mirrors
thinks I'm important.
or could be.
Well. guess what? They're right.
So...
you want to learn something?
Ask about me.
Ask me what I'm going to do.
because all the rest is lies.
and that's what you are good at.
♪ Tense. dramatic music ♪
-Excuse me. sir?
-He's fine.
Welcome back. sir.
♪♪♪
You're back.
It's good to see you.
Where the hell is everybody?
I don't believe Martian
would drop everything
in the middle of a mission
and vanish.
What's belief have to do
with it? It's fact. He's gone.
We need to find him
and bring him in.
You're telling us
to hunt one of our own.
Why? Has he gone rogue?
[Henry] What he's running from
is need-to-know.
Your job is to find out
where he's going.
We have a closing window.
Right now. he's making tracks
we can follow.
-We hope.
-Damn right. we hope.
This trail goes cold.
it goes cold forever.
Thanks.
Owen. you're late.
Sorry. sir. Bit slower
than I used to be.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. Come. sit.
-Thanks.
-You can catch up on the fly.
-All right.
someone hit me with the status
of Martian's ongoing ops.
Uh. Viking is T-minus 24 hours.
And an amber light
on Nils Jansen
who is in play as a flight risk.
Why's he a risk?
[Blair] He panicked
about his trip to Africa.
so we locked him down
in his apartment in Antwerp.
If Jansen's on ice.
he needs to be straightened out
and on that plane
or this goes south today.
What is this.
middle school? Shoot.
Well. I mean. I don't know what
the fuck is going on here. but
why would you lock him
in his apartment?
Don't we have three safe houses
and an embassy
full of interrogation rooms?
Why not just bring him in?
-Whose call was that?
-Martian's.
Am I missing something?
Uh. where is Martian?
Shouldn't he be here?
♪ Tense. dramatic music ♪
♪♪♪
[sportscaster speaking
foreign language over TV]
[muffled gasp]
Shh...
[whispering] It's okay.
I'm gonna need your phone
and your passport.
I'm gonna take my hand away.
If you make a sound.
I'm gonna stick you.
♪ Tense. suspenseful music ♪
[bag unzips]
Why are you taking my stuff?
Give me that pinky ring.
These have sentimental values.
More than your life?
[knock on door]
[man] No. he's here.
No. nothing.
Yeah.
It's all good.
What the fuck. dude?
You're going instead of me?
You want to go on
a suicide mission. be my guest.
No. no. it's okay.
[bag zips]
[door opens]
[Naomi] Martian should've been
in the Cold War.
He's a born manipulator.
He'll charm you
and give you nothing.
At what point did you know
of his intentions?
Never. Even when
you know you know.
he makes you doubt
what you know you know.
And you admire that.
You almost envy it?
Not almost.
It's magic.
I can lead people.
but if you look for the trail.
tricks. technique. it is there.
Martian casts no shadow.
How did he persuade you
not to trust
-your instincts about him?
-[chuckles]
I told you. it's magic.
At what point did you suspect he
was selling U.S. intelligence?
♪ Tense. dramatic music ♪
I knew as soon
as Samia Zahir was released.
and I refused to believe it.
I couldn't.
I still can't.
See? [chuckles]
♪♪♪
Yes?
Don't "yes" me.
I want in the room.
You want to fight this?
We can go to Henry. who I just
got out of a prison cell.
Can I get a moment?
The British
and Spanish will return.
Arash Namdar to the Iranians.
Who's he?
Secret accountant
of the Quds Force.
He's arranged for money
to flow to Hezbollah and Hamas
and other Iranian-backed
operations outside the country.
The British arrested him
six months ago.
So a trade? Him for Gremlin?
We're working logistics
with Madrid.
It'll take a day or so
to iron out details.
but signs are positive.
So Namdar goes home.
Who does that piss off?
He's a hero of the revolution.
Yeah. but whose hero?
Everything in Iran
is nine-dimensional chess.
You move the wrong piece
at the wrong time.
it gets taken. and you don't
even know who took it.
[door closes]
[wings fluttering]
Nils's phone's on the move.
The unit just confirmed
he was secure.
Near the airport.
Heading to private aviation.
He's getting on the plane.
Call the phone.
-[bag zips]
-[phone buzzing]
Hello. Henry.
[Henry over phone]
What are you doing?
Plan's good. Shame to waste it.
Do I have to remind you
what happened to the last agent
we sent to this country?
[Martian]
He's back today. right?
Tell him I haven't
forgotten my promise.
What are you gonna do.
just hop on that plane and say.
"Hi. I'm Nils Jansen"?
That's not bad. Henry.
Better than what I had.
Thank God you called.
[line beeping]
Martian's getting on that plane.
De Bruyne is expecting Nils.
Martian is Nils.
How does that work?
It can't work.
It could.
Otherwise. he wouldn't do it.
♪ Tense. dramatic music ♪
Mikkel De Bruyne.
[De Bruyne] Who are you?
I'm Nils Jansen.
-No. you're not.
-For the purposes of this trip.
and to ensure your safety.
I am Nils Jansen.
It's imperative you treat me
as you would him.
Your life will depend on you
agreeing to this.
My life? What-what-what is this?
Mr. De Bruyne.
you're in business
with a transnational
criminal organization
that poses a direct threat
to U.S. national security.
It's important for you
to realize this is not a choice.
-Get off this plane.
-I can't do that.
Like I said.
this is not a choice.
[scoffs] Who the fuck are you?
The CIA. That's the bad news.
The good news is.
you're not my target.
But if you want to continue
making blood money
while the United States
government looks the other way.
when we land. you introduce me
as Nils Jansen.
And what if I said
just go fuck yourself?
You have a fatal heart attack
and exit this plane
in a body bag.
Gotcha.
So. let's try again. Who am I?
You're Nils Jansen.
[Blair] You can't let him
go through with this.
His choice.
[keypad beeps]
Is-is De Bruyne
the vehicle here?
I-I don't see any
possible scenario that works.
[beeps]
Martian is the Trojan horse.
He's gonna walk
the bomb in himself.
♪ Dramatic music ♪
[Blair] He began to train me.
[Blake] Were you surprised
he was willing?
[Blair] I was flattered.
You enjoyed the attention.
Everything he taught me worked.
He looked out for me.
When I messed up.
he helped me course-correct.
[sighs] What is this about?
Is Martian under
a new investigation?
Is that why we're all
being hauled in here?
[sighs]
If you don't know.
you're not supposed to know.
Okay.
You realize
you're evaluating someone
who's taking huge risks
right now to protect us?
What do you mean?
Oh. like they say.
if you don't know...
[scoffs]
-[keypad beeps]
-[door opens]
-Hey.
-[Blair] Hey.
Sorry I couldn't say hi
down there.
[sighs] Welcome back.
Must be weird.
You know. I called.
You never hit me back.
Oh. I've been busy. you know.
Viking stuff.
Uh. how'd it go in there?
Well. I'm not allowed
to discuss it.
Right.
Can I see it?
See what?
The...
Oh. yeah.
-Do you mind? No?
-No. It's fine.
[Blair] Oh. that's nice.
-[scoffs]
-That's really nice.
-It's techy.
-Yeah.
It's not hot. though. right?
Mm... I mean. I don't...
To be honest. your legs
weren't that hot to start with.
[laughs]
So this is an improvement?
What. like. 50%?
Oh. yeah. More. uh.
once you add how you got it.
-More?
-Yeah. more.
Oh.
-Thanks for the feedback.
-[laughs]
[chuckles]
You know. either you
got better at that
or I have a kink
I didn't know about.
-Carbon fiber.
-Oh. [chuckles]
It makes you more assertive.
Okay.
I'm into it.
Mm-hmm.
-Wish me luck.
-Good luck.
♪ Tense. dramatic music ♪
[vehicle rattling]
-[tires screech]
-Ow!
[rocks clattering]
[clattering continues]
[tires screech]
Fuck!
[shouting]
[panting]
[groans]
[groaning]
[distant shouting]
[gunshot]
[Blake] Have you ever felt
manipulated by Martian?
That question is totally absurd.
[Blake] Nevertheless.
Your answer. please.
No. I have never felt
manipulated by Martian
or anyone else on my team.
In every job.
company. institution.
personal interest plays a part.
People use their coworkers.
It's... it's part of any job.
Sometimes.
it's to guide the work.
it's for other reasons.
What I find surprising
is that your negative answers
are so clear-cut.
-You read that as suspicious?
-Surprising.
You are trying so hard
to spare him judgment.
♪ Quiet. dramatic music ♪
[sighs]
The role of the handler
is to guide the undercover
in the field.
Correct.
♪♪♪
Have you ever made an error
guiding a NOC?
Sure. But we're not on our own.
We refer to our superiors.
We seek their advice.
[scoffs] You know there's more
than one person on the team.
Is there ever a conflict between
a handler and this process?
No.
We discuss everything.
we come to a decision.
-Who has the final word?
-Henry. Always.
What would you think
if a handler decided to
go it alone and overrule
such a decision?
Manipulating an agent? [scoffs]
That's insane.
Why would anyone do that?
[jet engines whirring]
♪ Tense. suspenseful music ♪
[Andreyev] Welcome to Bangui.
Mr. De Bruyne.
-I trust you had a good flight?
-[De Bruyne] Yeah.
Lieutenant Ivan Andreyev.
Call me Mikkel.
This is Nils Jansen.
sales exec at my company.
[imitating Jansen]
The guy took our passports.
said they'd process us inside?
[Andreyev] Don't worry. We'll
get them sent to your hotel.
Come on. Let's go.
[shouts in Russian]
[vehicle doors closing]
♪ Intense. dramatic music ♪
[breathing heavily]
♪♪♪
[groaning]
♪ Tense. suspenseful music ♪
[Andreyev] This country
has 200 million hectares
of unclassified rainforest.
Once developed.
it's a billion-dollar
business. per year.
Europe's cagey about legality
and provenance of timber.
Meanwhile. the Chinese
will buy anything.
[Martian]
What about oil? Gas? Minerals?
We are sitting on part
of the Congo Basin.
surrounded by countries
that all drill.
Stands to reason. it's here.
[Dmitri] It's Nils. right?
Nils Jansen.
Thought you were
a diamond guy. Nils.
I'm just talking.
Talk about something else.
Besides. I have something
you might be more interested in.
How many carats is that?
In carats? Huge.
[Dmitri] Specifically?
Maybe 12.
Less when cut. eight or nine.
It's for sale.
Hundred thousand dollars.
Cut? Five times that.
One hundred thousand?
How about I give you... this?
What the fuck you doing?
-Your diamond is too light.
-[phone buzzing]
Some kind of calcite.
Probably quartz.
Also. I saw you pick it up
off the drive outside.
[Blair]
You have to establish contact.
We need to know a plan here.
Nils Jansen et Mikkel de Bruyne.
[Dmitri] Everything okay?
No.
Where's my fucking drink?
[CIA director]
In 30 minutes. I have a call
with the secretary of state
and the president.
So what am I supposed to say?
Sit down.
I understand. sir. This is
a fast-evolving situation.
Evolving? It's a fucking
hot mess of dog shit.
I have every right to be pissed.
[Henry] With respect. sir.
you're pissed
because you were wrong.
-Oh. I was? About what?
-[Henry] Everything. Me.
Richardson. How to play this
with Washington. The whole nine.
[CIA director] Fuck you. Henry.
Presented with the evidence.
you'd have done the same thing.
I was. And I didn't.
♪ Tense music ♪
He's rogue.
We should take him out.
[Henry]
Martian isn't on the run.
He's downrange
in a theater of operation.
closing in on your target.
Or he's gone nut nut.
[CIA director] See?
Even Jim doesn't trust him.
Neither do I. and I never will.
The only question now is.
do we think
he can pull this off?
[muffled chanting. cheering]
[sighs] I guess
we're about to find out.
[retches]
[panting]
[exhales sharply]
♪ Quiet. dramatic music ♪
[ticking]
♪♪♪
[clicking]
[clicking stops]
♪♪♪
♪ tense. dramatic music ♪
♪♪♪ [dialogue inaudible]
[panting]
♪ Intense. dramatic music ♪
♪♪♪
[line ringing]
[line continues ringing]
[truck engine starts]
[sighs]
[exhales slowly]
[Craig] And how long ago?
Understood.
That was Tehran relay.
Gremlin just escaped
an assassination attempt.
She's hiding out
at a gas station. likely
on the road south.
but we don't have confirmation.
Somewhere around here.
about three hours north
of Bandar Abbas.
There's a team on the way
from Tehran.
-That'll take too long.
-Yeah.
We need to find the gas station
and get a vector to liaison now.
Reach out to anyone
with agents on the ground
in Bandar Abbas or Rafsanjan.
We need to get to her faster.
♪ Tense. suspenseful music ♪
Mm.
[phone buzzing]
Hello?
[line clicks]
Mm. Mm.
[De Bruyne] Why are we waiting?
We've been waiting and waiting.
Apparently for some
local big shot to arrive.
He's going to be
accompanying us today.
These guys are rolling out
the red carpet.
-How we doing?
-Hi. Good.
[sighs] Brutal hangover.
Who is this guy again?
Minister of mines.
-You buy the mine. but we...
-[phone buzzing]
need him to be your partner.
for appearances.
Have to keep up
appearances. right?
Yeah? Yeah. hold on.
Uh. office again.
Oui. C'est Nils.
[Henry over phone]
We're on pins and needles here.
Call the play.
Play's the same.
The play is Nils Jansen.
Is this your redemption
or hara-kiri?
I haven't decided.
What you did doesn't deserve
a death sentence.
Are we sure?
Retirement. A farm.
somewhere you can't break
anything. Like Vermont.
[scoffs] Where no one
can hear me scream?
No. sir. That's what you want.
♪ Tense. suspenseful music ♪
I read your letter to Poppy.
You told her
you won't commit suicide.
Just want you to know.
I tried to do it your way.
I'm playing by the rules. Henry.
-Nils. get over here.
-[Martian] Even now.
That's good to know.
I'll see you in Vermont.
[line clicks]
[Dmitri]
Viking. meet Nils Jansen.
He works for De Bruyne.
This guy is a motherfucker.
So. this deal was your idea?
As much as I'd love to.
I can't take full credit.
Mr. De Bruyne
deserves as much as I do.
[Viking] Well. either way.
we're gonna make a lot of money.
You two ride with me.
[sighs] Okay. What's happening?
They're on the move.
Convoy just left Oubangui Hotel.
They're heading out of town
on the road to the north.
All right.
[both grunting]
♪ Intense. dramatic music ♪
[straining]
[grunting]
[gasps]
[breathing heavily]
[exhales]
♪ Percussive music ♪
[Viking] Gentlemen.
welcome to Bmeli mine.
I thought this mine was disused?
[Viking] We restarted work.
We need a small investment
from your company
to make things
look more convincing.
Little window dressing.
Couple of dozen locals
to live on-site.
That won't cost you anything.
Valhalla convoy entering
perimeter of the Bmeli mine.
Viking and Martian
are in this lead car.
He got close enough to the
target. What's he waiting for?
[Simon] Uh. I imagine
sitting in the same car
limits his options for escape.
were he to engage
the target. sir.
Yeah. well. I'm fine
with his options for escape
being limited. son.
Yes. sir.
Gentlemen. welcome to our mine.
We'll go through the paperwork.
and then I will give you a tour.
Come inside. please.
You're not coming inside?
I'm going to take a look around.
[Danny exhales. grunts]
♪ Sentimental music ♪
[vehicle approaching]
♪ Tense. suspenseful music ♪
Oh. fuck.
[gunshots]
[shuddering]
Gremlin? You move with us.
Come on.
Gremlin. let's go.
♪ Tense. dramatic music ♪
[vehicles approaching]
Who are you?
Does it matter?
Whoever you are. thank you.
Thank you.
[quiet chatter]
Mossad ex filled Gremlin.
She made it out.
-Fucking yes.
-Oh.
[laughs]
[Tom] Vehicles have stopped.
Looks like they're
going inside the building.
No Internet or cell signals.
though. No idea who's who.
We're deaf. dumb. and blind.
[Viking] Not wanting
to review the paperwork?
You must trust your boss
very much.
Your friends took us
drinking last night.
I'm more likely to puke
on that contract than read it.
Thanks.
What happened here?
[Viking] The local objections
to our plans.
But now?
-Nice and quiet.
-[can pops]
Ivan tells me you play chess.
A bit. At college and online
when I can't sleep.
I'm not that great.
Or that's bullshit.
and I'm a hustler.
♪ Tense. suspenseful music ♪
Let's find out.
[Simon]
A group has gathered here.
Two went under this canopy.
One could've been Martian.
[Viking] If you want a handicap.
I can play with two less pawns.
I am happy playing
to a level field.
Shall we say blitz?
Five minutes?
You actually travel with this.
Maybe you're a hustler
after all.
-[Martian laughs]
-Let's play bullet.
Two minutes.
If you would like.
we can make this interesting.
How interesting is that?
Ten grand.
I don't have that on me.
but I can put up my watch.
And this ring.
That Patek is worth 20.
The ring is five.
You're on.
You know.
you're not who I expected.
What did you expect?
A scared little slimy asshole.
[ticking]
[Martian]
Well. I'm not the first three.
[Viking]
Dmitri agrees. which is why
he is on with Moscow to find out
who the fuck you two are.
Are you trying to distract me?
I don't know what you mean.
Show me your passport.
Make a move. Time's running out.
[Viking] I just did.
Your passport. please.
[ticking]
[ticking continues]
♪♪♪
[chuckles]
Now. this...
This little bitch
with scared eyes.
that's a Nils Jansen.
Wow. Okay.
Well. in that case.
who the fuck am I?
If I was going to guess.
I would say that you're another
CIA rat sent here to spy on us.
[normal voice]
You're half right.
I am a CIA rat.
but I'm not here to spy on you.
I don't know.
That's what rats like you do.
Check.
[Martian]
Maybe I'm here to recruit you.
Or who knows.
maybe I'm here to kill you.
[ticking]
But who gives a fuck?
You win. I lose.
You've definitely lost.
my friend.
Checkmate.
I guess this isn't my game.
♪ Tense. dramatic music ♪
[ticking stops]
Shoot this motherfucker.
[Tom] Oh. shit.
-Was that it?
-[Tom] Uh. yes. sir.
That was it.
Can we tell if Martian
was clear?
[sighs] Too much debris.
I can't see anything.
Has the target been destroyed?
[Tom] If target was in range.
that was a successful
detonation.
What about Martian?
♪ Low. tense music ♪
[high-pitched ringing]
[muffled groaning]
[both straining. grunting]
[muffled shouting]
[men shouting indistinctly]
[muffled gunfire]
[loud gunfire]
[truck approaching]
[men shouting]
[man shouts]
[cries out]
[grunts]
[shouts]
[gunshot]
[groaning]
[gunfire continues]
[straining]
[Bosko] No vehicles
-left the compound. right?
-[Simon] No.
None.
So. he's captured.
Or dead.
[Bosko] It's pretty clear
from what we just saw.
what just happened.
Mark him dead.
awaiting confirmation.
Yes. sir.
♪ Tense. dramatic music ♪
We don't know that.
Valhalla doesn't take prisoners.
[CIA director]
This is a double win. people.
It solves both our problems.
Two birds. one stone.
Yes. sir. Mission accomplished.
[keypad beeps]
[door closes]
♪ low. tense music ♪
[footsteps approaching]
[keys jingling]
[heavy door opens]
[wheezing]
♪ "Hurt" by Nine Inch Nails
playing ♪
♪ I hurt myself today ♪
♪ To see if I still feel ♪
♪ I... ♪
♪ Focus on the pain ♪
♪ The only thing that's real ♪
♪ The needle tears a hole ♪
♪ The old familiar sting ♪
♪ Try to kill it ♪
♪ All away ♪
[song ends]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today